Fixing grammatical mistakes (#81)
NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules: README.md

## How to Report Issues

Problems specific to the Open GPU Kernel Modules can be reported in the

> 'Issues Section' of the https://github.com/NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'Issues' section of the https://github.com/NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules
```
The section is called “Issues”, thus it makes no sense to capitalize “section” and put it in quotation marks.

“Issues Section” would imply that the place to put the issues is actually called Issues Section like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32276754/168053071-8cd2a28c-0160-451b-a013-aa730fc9887b.png)
